clarification on hashing commitment (#19)
private-attribution/i-d: draft-savage-ppm-3phm-mpc.md

> The verifiers generate the same point r independently. Each verifier only has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The verifiers generate the same point `r` independently. Each verifier only has
```

access to one set of shares from `G(x)` so they each compute a hash of the shares
they have. They then send that hash to each other, after which they can concatenate

> the two hash values and compute commitment hash value.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for improving this! The last bit about "compute commitment hash value" is still confusing to me. How about this: "...after which they can concatenate the two hash values and then hash that a final time to generate the challenge point `r`.

Author: yea, I stuggled with the end of this too. I used "commitment" since it's used the the pseudo code. The final hash isn't exactly the challenge point, so maybe:

> ... after which they can concatenate the two hash values, hash the concatenation, and proceed with computing the challenge point `r`.

Reviewer: Yeah, this is better, but I'm going with:

```suggestion
the two hash values and compute the challenge point.
```
